oh ho seven famous magic tricks finally
revealed and explained sometimes you
watch a magician's performance and can't
help believing you've just witnessed
real magic
but trust me even the most head spinning
tricks can easily be explained are you
ready to see these secrets revealed then
hold on to your seat and let's begin
number one catching a bullet with your
teeth this trick definitely isn't for
amateurs it takes a lot of practice to
nail it and several magicians have even
died trying to perform it correctly but
as soon as you grasp the concept
there's nothing simpler and safer the
trick goes like this the lovely
assistant shoots at the magician with a
loaded gun
the magician gets the crowd going and
pretends to be shot he then magically
spits the bullet out of his mouth this
all seems impressively realistic again
if you don't know the secret but what
happens is that while the magician is
loading the bullet into the gun he uses
a ramrod fixed with a magnet on its tip
so instead of pushing the bullet inside
he pulls it out and hides it in his hand
after that when he's already in position
his assistant distracts the public for a
bit this way the magician can quickly
put the bullet in his mouth all the rest
comes down to good acting number two
levitation now most of you have probably
seen street performers who seem to be
magically floating in the air while
seated okay
maybe not magically but still it looks
awesome and really makes you wonder how
the performers managed to do this if
you're one of these curious onlookers
get ready for the big secret to be
unveiled
it's incredibly simple it doesn't
require any effort on the performers
part on the ground beneath them you
might not have noticed there's always a
rug or a piece of carpet well that's
actually hiding a metal platform with a
steel rod sticking up from one of its
corners that rod then connects with
another metal plate that the performer
sits on all this framework is well
hidden under the illusionists baggy
clothes so don't worry these guys feel
pretty relaxed and comfortable out there
the only real magic here is sitting
still for so long count me out I get
antsy just waiting for my hot pocket in
the microwave number three a spike
through the stomach how this trick is
pretty blood-chilling if you've ever
seen it perform and if you haven't just
imagine someone being stabbed through
their stomach with a long pointy metal
spike it sounds pretty gruesome right
however with everything on this list
what's going on isn't nearly as shocking
as it seems
the thing is that the spike going
through the body of the magician's
assistant is retractable as soon as it
comes into contact with the surface it
folds into itself plus the spike isn't
even made of metal it's rubber which
makes it that much safer now hold on I
know what you're thinking but what about
the sharp tip of the spike poking out
the other side of the assistant this can
also be easily explained the magician
attaches this magnetic tip to the
assistants costume at the right moment
so no magic in this trick either sorry
number four sewing someone in half
besides pulling a rabbit out of a hat
this trick is a classic and when you see
it it looks horrifying especially if the
performer or their assistant is a good
actor blood-curdling screams arms and
legs flailing all over the place who
wouldn't be impressed by this spectacle
but if you knew what was really
happening well this show would
definitely lose its allure
now let's break it down surely you don't
think there's just one body involved
here no no there are actually two
assistants in the box and the real trick
is to make those people as compact as
possible one way they do it is to have
the assistants lie on their backs and
pull their knees as close as they can to
their chests or one of the assistants
hides in a special compartment under the
box holding the other one they can also
slide their legs down into special
compartments that look like the tables
legs the trick is pretty simple and
mostly depends on the ability of the
participants to stay still again not my
strong suit
plus the audience is usually too
distracted looking at that huge saw to
notice any strange constructions such as
a table or a box hmm I'm seeing a
pattern here with the whole distract the
audience thing
number five sending a card through glass
this street trick is really cool to see
in person the performer asked somebody
from the audience to pick a card and
then put it back in the deck without
showing him he then tries to guess which
card was chosen but all his attempts
keep failing
the magician loses his temper and in a
fit of rage throws the deck of cards at
a nearby window to the viewers amazement
the exact card had been trying to guess
is magically sticking to the glass and
the most shocking part of it is that
it's on the other side of the window
quat how on earth did that very card go
through the glass
well here's exactly how
this trick takes some careful
preparation first off the magician needs
to absolutely identical decks of cards
and two trusted assistants they don't
have to be identical but how cool would
that be anyway the crowd needs to be
standing with their backs to the window
when the magician asks the audience
member to choose a card he doesn't see
which one is picked
but his assistants do the one who's
hiding on the other side of the window
takes the necessary card out of the
second deck and sticks it to the glass
at the right moment all the magician
needs to do is find the same card in his
deck and cunningly hide it away so that
nobody notices there are in fact two
identical cards easy-peasy
number six standing man cut in half now
this one looks like someone who survived
the saw a person in half track and yes
it does look pretty terrifying
especially if this guy walks up from
behind you and taps you on the shoulder
can you imagine turning around and
seeing somebody carrying their own legs
especially if he's all like hey buddy
got a light
creepy but not if you know how this
magician is tricking your eye this stunt
just takes some creative prep and good
flexibility if you don't run away
screaming in horror you'll notice that
this man's jeans cover only parts of his
legs below the knees as for his legs
from the knees up to his waist it's a
dummy the front part of the magician's
body is also fake when he shows this
trick it's extremely important for him
to keep the lower parts of his legs in a
vertical position while hiding the rest
of his body to keep his balance he has
to lean to the side while keeping his
shoulders straight that's why this trick
works only if you look at the
illusionist from the front doesn't seem
too hard but what an impression it
creates number seven walking on water
at first glance this trick seems
impossible to explain come on it's water
after all how can someone nonchalantly
take a stroll on its surface do these
special shoes maybe some invisible ropes
hmm in fact this trick isn't even that
difficult admittedly you won't
understand its inner workings unless you
know what to look for these magicians
use industrial grade plexiglass
platforms standing on long legs made
from the same clear material cleverly
placed under the water this pathway
looks completely invisible if you're
looking at it from the right angle it's
impossible to detect even with a camera
yet the magician can see well enough
where exactly he needs to step in order
to pull off this miraculous done if
you've ever seen such a trick performed
in a swimming pool I'll bet you're
thinking surely people standing nearby
would be able to see the glass platforms
well of course they can't they're
probably all actors pretending not to
see the glass at all whoever said
magicians can't play dirty bonus a card
through the arm oh this looks pretty
cool doesn't it well you'll be happy to
know that you can easily learn how to
perform this trick yourself in fact with
most magic tricks it's no more than an
illusion that requires some good acting
skills here's what you got to do find a
pair of scissors and cut out part of a
playing card in the shape of your arm
then place the card on your arm so it
stays firmly in place
voila now you can go and scare all your
friends now what other magic tricks
secrets do you know tell us in the
comments below let your friends in on
these big secrets by sharing this video
with them and let us know how much you
liked it by hitting that like button if
you haven't subscribed to our channel
yet then what are you waiting for we've
got all kinds of cool updates coming
your way on the bright side
you